In this video you are going to learn how to create a page engagement custom audience.
And this is a fantastic customer audience that you can build even if you don't have any website traffic
or an email list so you can actually see here that I've already created it.
And really this is a custom audience of people who have engaged with your Facebook page and you can
see here for me now it's ten thousand five hundred which is actually a lot bigger than my email list
customer audience.
And the Web site traffic costs more insults build up so far.
So this is a really cool custom audience that you can build straightaway if you've had some engagement
on your Facebook page.
So to get started and set it up really what you want to do is firstly come into your ads manager once
again and come down into the audience's top once that opens up then just click on Create audience click
on custom audience and come down here and select the option to create this custom audience from a list
of people who have engaged with your content on Facebook.
Now as you can see you can create a number of different types of engagement audiences.
But we're focusing here in this video on the page engagement custom audience.
Now once in here again you can see that you can set the parameters for this custom audience.
So if you are the admin for a number of different Facebook pages you can get selected from the drop
down here and you have the option of who you want to include in this page engagement custom audience.
Now by default it is set to everybody who's engaged with your Facebook page.
But if you see the drop down here there are a number of more targeted custom audiences for page engagement
that you can set up so anybody who's visited your page.
People have engaged with any post or people who have clicked on any call to action.
People have sent the message to your page people save your page or any post.
Now as the engagement's on my Facebook page is not happy it's not that big a page.
I'm just going leave it by default to everybody who's engaged my page and even over the last 365 days
you can change that really depending on how narrow you want to focus the audience tend to simply then
just put in the audience names a page engagement
because an audience might be good to put in the time frame as well.
I'm just going to make sure label this is number two because I've already got one create it.
So all you need to do then is go ahead and click Create the audience.
Now remembered that it can take up to 30 minutes for your audience to be ready to use.
And as it says here Facebook will notify you when your audience is ready and you'll see a status in
the audience manager.
Now the next steps once you've got it set up is to create an audience using that audience.
And this type of engagement custom audience can be great to maybe target people who engage with your
page but not like to your page.
So you can create a likes campaign using this campaign.
You can also exclude this audience from a campaign if you want and you can also use this audience to
create a look alike audience.
So using this source audience people who engage your page to build a much larger lookalike audience.
Now as you can see the page engagement pro-stem audience Issaq when I'm set up here it's just populating
but I've already set this up and you can see that it's ten thousand five hundred So that's a quite a
big custom audience and one that you can use very quickly very easy to set up and a great source of
audience to later on.
Build a look alike audience.
So now that you know how to set up a paging a human custom audience go ahead and set it up for yourself.
Following the steps that you've learned in this video.